Updated 'Customise Kedro CLI' (#10)
quantumblacklabs/kedro-training: docs/14_extending-kedro.md

> # Adding a custom CLI command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to add a custom CLI command
```

Reviewer: Maybe rename this documentation file since it's not so much extending Kedro any more but how to add a custom CLI command. Call it something like `custom-cli-commands.md` ??

> If you want to add a new custom CLI command, simply create a new `click` group, add a `@cli.command()` to that group and then register the new group with `cli` group defined in `src/<package_name>/cli.py` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the following steps explain, to add a new custom CLI command, you need to create a new `click` group, add a `@cli.command()` to that group and then register the new group with `cli` group defined in `src/<package_name>/cli.py`:
```

```python
# src/<package_name>/cli.py
...

@click.group()
def custom():
    """Custom commands."""

@custom.command()
def to_json():
    """ Display the pipeline in JSON format """
    package_name = str(Path(__file__).resolve().parent.name)
    with KedroSession.create(package_name) as session:
        context = session.load_context()
        print(context.pipeline.to_json())

...

> cli.add_command(jupyter_group)

Reviewer: What is the `jupyter_group` here? Is that obvious to others? I'm not seeing that mentioned elsewhere --- can you remove it to avoid confusion?

Author: Since users need to add some code to the existing file I tried to show (with `...`) that some existing code is omitted and `cli.add_command(jupyter_group)` is a part of that code after which users need to add their code.

cli.add_command(custom)
...
```

> After the modification, running `kedro -h` in your terminal will show the new `custom` group.

Reviewer: Do they need to restart their terminal?

Author: No

> After the modification, running `kedro -h` in your terminal will show the new `custom` group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have made the modification, if you run `kedro -h` in your terminal, you see the new `custom` group.
```

![](../img/custom_command.png)

> Running the custom command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the custom command:
```
